1-1 Command Line Shell and Git:
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/C4Vb9jyuxZbioqQ-T_N5o22dc-WoZ5WFntSdSSRSHzeiQl1D7vitkXsV37TvZeHf.UM6cG2uBUDGUI8N_

1-2 Variables and Data Types:
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/aIMmg9s73-3Rt8jtOtTctUdLmf5TcCpfX2cJOXSGBOL91wvtb_qVQBDuj2nxNaRM.chIX3Po2PnbpK4bi

1-3 Expressions, Statements, and Logical Branching
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/WA6uPwz4Hfkfcv2bxS3ChzO85UjsHLLdR3o_ckzNJfHY7LQRGpzRfR8Ke7YLg79f.QuLlCNC8Ll4GqCeL

1-4 Loops and Arrays
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/5FCXQzfFNJ8-et6Jx6dWO5JVwj3CQrEc7ve1wtmR264y6vJFIO4JzFx7enVHRsNy.FroPiwkjWOu2AeT7

1-5 Command Line Programs
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/yPzNyVux7ZvVIWKuZ_WiXxOVYi8epbuPY7HHiLmonFzp2jZjZ5OHFv0GPRrvqfFZ.aO5JGilOhUIGhxoy

1-6 Intro to Objects with Strings
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/ot2g9GbT3JvBE4dekJJNMCV4zPADX0fChHQNdpBO03FRKqfQFCZymHcEGjjud29f.fZIv_RAHOMuFC7-l

1-7 Collections Part 1 (ArrayLists)
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/9k9kZh2a46dYU2E07t1O4H9A6uq_NiXPfWIOIYfMZnHTVrLU7h2BpcA0BMEf1bsC.n0riNOOAOaFiTk9A

1-8 Collections Part 2 (HashMaps)
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/5YXeJbVJ2YWWeGiLQnHSGEOvN3W7nftzBrsKrFedDVo9Sw6KwfE9L2Y2r3vtM9WJ.IatdLZHmSdPn6QHb

1-9 Classes Encapsulation
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/7uVsrd_7u8xwCB04bzzFWbhkohP-MXYwCqH1yrx8Ryuhm4BYgxEUJ0bNfwuanoE.5EOk9IstO3GqrteV

1-10 -- None - review day not held because of 4th of July

1-11 Inheritance - missing middle hour
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/eYc3jtoLXYiXju3GSAS7wOT-yid5GhxUes7_xdeaqVfaqfLCaA154IFjJG98b1Tb.z5WHETt8M4uIHeRF

1-12 Polymorphism
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/zqx7oRsgihaOMEKcjNcyTMtn-EtVPg3G7eKKHVZ5bQZ1fq1S18zLiQWCt9tEJFSZ.ajpr0fBPK0am32SF

1-13 Inheritance - Abstract Classes
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/PMKzr9qhgXv7SKtJ2wNTyy3oeP6Syt8J-UujGIBuj6qpqqAwEETQGjd5emm9B7Yh.1cifVLua-kQxCOiP

1-14 Unit Test
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/DMgTbsv8mgcXuPHpI_Eaj6yq8aTjDsS2OuQNvaJwfYxo7xuKgOMWAUAzXkK0U73y.mI7OHHvgwLI6UH3E

1-15 Review 
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/eZKArgxu2tfQvkYBhNje83nhkxIebCBB-Lk_RFGzvw9TjsCIk3RR4lGyD9xK_gyl.JrjzQ47HzXv-UUu9

Afternoon Review Session with Ben
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/rxl4BuhLQw0mAH_pjbyd-DLdHQtFAl-q86f6Q0kEHYjdZ8xXOmGmCl9mhx6PWMJb.xpVIxpXOipHZUaqq

1-16 - File Input
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/oUctft2P9Kn4NwdNMKGTFisz-4ucZQIprZF-E2MqNWerrm5MnQ8V2ermeu1lGpR1.FXMdVXu2MCvVCuZZ

1-17 File Output
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/1RNKYbo_JHulp5k6b5WDHbXVaZRxln7bvEn9eHEensrdmYzPLt0QM1Vt_NBMxKzA.9XqQ3XSOAltHqt8i

1-18 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/QBHWq0bSwAyWjLJ9FU2WTJcVEw6rBphLywmRlmJ_gMjUuHqpdVWIPA3R7KASFjE.MpRnZqKQk-H80Z76

1-19 Capstone Kick-off!
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/gPTRaeXcQOsuVtNdDlfDz5yR2ZbfBLRBOXxCgfXd5tdVuzp9I2QoGoQ_8yyQj3Zc.ZvG2LTQ3A6tJobpf

2-1 Intro to Databases and SQL
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/bPHmdUbszKSJFxQmWk-sjv4CjxjpOAoZ5Ws8o8hY-GW0tAZUSbMk-5SFZD-HKlFc.v__V-8mYNd14IonP 
Passcode: eZAGx2G.

2-2 Sorting and Aggregation SQL
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/wLdpPKwpPQHGZ51Xhgra94lde3HFmnUuLlcWxI-hhUw3xvcekGaFaQ_AtHKKS1s8.30l161uP4UhHYjMM 
Passcode: s7seaV+W

2-3 Joins
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/IEPIdDeZEMGYr-qJk0SWK1JtWRaljUAO5t5ZAT920d0KwQKORxCOpXd9nWwmpShX.S9jWJhqerJ-IAMu3 
Passcode: C*5i@?Dx

2-4 INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/FS_JnACUi9x49INDGkGNxp6nSOtEe1UUAeli5t_RUYAhYO1agq0tDjh429l_XeXb.7keE0XlU4L1QXlo0 
Passcode: j5!q?!0A

2-5 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/CVIsdY4P5brrCkx9Z1kLge8y7n2gOw2FrVjXpiqAOPPC7E_IVKHwtnXG8EKoT8Bk.gmoyNuH93HhymCZV 
Passcode: 44qu!60C

2-6 Database Design
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/4h3ASsSgn7ZYudpRORXl1mzAkV_Mt8xpv4aHRHKaM-0KkjiUnK9NKT6JZFOdT2DK.AW4bngNp4qilz1Z8 
Passcode: gc9vi?4C

2-7 DAO Pattern
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/lpIs001RcOcEakeW8OdkjWYyKNQEWgPWykwsm26JjclL5kh8qUYgdFHSdDzv-Lw.ElMc4VXklVCStt0d 
Passcode: TQ?+E&4&

2-8 Integration Tests / Testing DAO classes
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/IRnGJTZrxOdTt4Aox51o7xmA8vOQ4ROgo6kMYExEBDQ4jf804sWtzoc5JS6J01Mq.VT4EmGJZrJHucqph 
Passcode: 2sien#d?

2-9 SQL Injection & Storing User Data
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/HSATz2-vpYR16G_NhNa_mjtV1XPBQQt1thbSOhP5g6On9JIbkyhbi7yensRSqZLw.VWeVfRX6UBnvtfaM 
Passcode: Y@43@xe$

Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/GQpJwT-CEdAK6Sd9ZQuQ-xeQDyCDShfx1bswVPSotGoEmXLt91K10IBcrCua3UsI.uJFBJor2AlJAY4bf 
Passcode: m=7bqJ4n

2-11 APIs: Consuming GET requests
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/2vgpYdGqBbMd5_Qxg8eN_oH01K08fwwW3f6bcnjxynM8uL9vm6K7MuYCsBuoDynK.d0akdWv3lNxHuwC2 
Passcode: ?av0tc#7

2-12 APIs" Consuming POST, PUT, DELETE requests
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/bYHFSU_-5fkUsuo-ECBCUFXuZusaZOJGpGFaxvHRQm8ncsUzx6UhL9qS7cxN9YCJ.2iwO-sYThZSEKjAq 
Passcode: W0!2WnXF

2-13 Server Side, Creating APIs Part 1
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/T3E0WfEDXDAU4jKWCDInGypEu1TPPsEzgyglWS7yaotvUXLbFcu7uAi5IWE09GE_.Wm8MfyBACHOd1pM2 
Passcode: gZA61n@y

2-14 Server Side, Creating APIs Part 2
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/Ud97vECBTC51Kp-VrXj7tlGDCwLpD6zv3L0Ex7OfAT2eI_zX5roJPgaYwlHcloSj.vi36I5u_h_EoFHIn

2-15 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/lbflkaLiCz6kKs7zWz3H9b0gRLXfX5-8gyv1D0SGock4C6sBXaedbk-tj-M49blp.aB37ssG-wJbCCVlH

2-16 Authentication 
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/Y79D2oIRVfcAj_iKn5Lc7kqLRFLPckwlLQT4Wnb49AWa9tqWnzRNFQSUKyIc9JA.--AJcXx6_EVBvUdW 
Passcode: 46jh@mZ=

2-17 Review
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/IeAUOf85GN8D_1FwIsrllSJIAKXPJXtobff8F_LrT9sCBbUk_LiVTy36NxYS7_K9.IBw-eUCqbTM7FUrx 
Passcode: zn9i@LMB

2-18 Caspstone 2 Intro
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/Yg5hptE_HVyah2RQvTlHozNpj6JtsO0vXvVfjvPD5OiKhdHfYepG5Nl03tzdqIQn.FrlRbA7zUc-jx3PQ 
Passcode: !r.v762=

3-1 Intro HTML CSS
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/71ZBXx0v_cBLvSyU8RrImphdgVOZStrW_ZO0XWkiCX991JJ0stIdZEzyKu8RYLz8._u2Ukr-W4e_eZLJd 
Passcode: tgQnkJ=7

3-2 CSS Selectors
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/9npQPnw-WqYLOzCg1OcD8h9YgRQftkrZ19D9GqyZ1G_z8K6nfMOW8mqJ-uEOkw.gimqfJUKThDxsWsO 
Passcode: sc2*MQZu

3-3 CSS-Grid
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/-AAoFYnm6xW9QKXlRyp1CNhEyhssx6lwNxo3a6Tn8h5fKjN541gq_H61RM15bYKR.CUd5eLE9lf4uvoQV 
Passcode: a@4W*tSN

3-4 Flexbox
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/j6aTGgNCAz8e7qo9yBgmogJbCB6Pj8s4Z_z1JFgrKdQX1HK-o7VrZSl-sjSPC0Rt.Pf-Y6jdwz33a76gN 
Passcode: Z&5JSf$j

3-6 Introduction to JavaScript
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/OUKVMYcTY_nvUY8DdANaIRQTfv8opRKD6lxH3OJsnlKBkJf-SYP6gjNI4iA4cZdj.TG3SsSRMhCd7rv5U 
Passcode: prz39B0@

3-7 JavaScript Functions
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/xBaVQAHKusG8PpH8v1iTw_PeZBUaxPk41jWSXxVeOIKzm9dbvODwP8pInGE1vJ-Z.KpA3Msdlf6rATVyk 
Passcode: ^4F5X^a7

3-8 DOM
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/WbhsNd4fTngNuB87KzX61uqLD4NcjO-MhFTTEiJ_MDnLYvUH4fhV_xPQg73Pzf8V.rvGNpy3X3ffy9PYd 
Passcode: LXG@9Whe

3-9 Event Handling
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/ZVNhhOf2f1etPTQAuz9-b_yeCalF8_6o0h1HujpvJz-pzWvoZk2F9770ZAfp4eFL.wcWufnjBFrapKTXo 
Passcode: =4eEGASn

3-11 Intro to Vue
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/G-JKmFzcHweihkpvlWP1EFxq6BlzImnjtfi7Rwf0aRPEJBgVZ7-PXvIHaYYGtByc.rVyQPCoA17iuuhBD

Bonus Lecture - API calls with Vanilla JS
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/SXvxI8wvLRck6UDpco0c8ITjI8yiF9hgjJgB6_0TE5e8CRrUEAfckhMt2C2aZ4bs.1_tnz4vwvS-1U_Jn

3-12 Vue Event Handling
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/CTUCBYDd_GApswvKQk-xLed2yU-Fm8Q4cE_JbTXHXkDmmeQJFLcgTZlzieQXVbOl.X7SYW2SgUtPc71BH

3-13 Vue Component Communication
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/jFUGdQA-vOCwieAIUaoYNTdkiJ4y-zJaCrKZnzhSQrEjk31pl63sNE5_xWkaSrP3.jXNw4J3bP2dUkVWP

3-15 Vue Router
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/KhHY3XSBjvbfdMh4AYHLZQ77V7rimTXMNStSXYlMP6zRq8Osl-_nXe3tHldLRP3B.MxfMg0F2JJmcGQpE

3-16 Vue and Axios - GET
https://techelevator.zoom.us/rec/share/0MDorEcdEBUG-ShLq9JJIuTUvOKmosv5Hv8fMr98HosOV_CnC99420_qrB6CScmU.k9KzWMkfTZlYCtyU

